README.md, before:

# ATHLEAP

This is a project made by [Kevin Joshi](https://github.com/KevinJ-hub) & [Kaushal Binjola](https://github.com/KaushalBinjola).  
It is hosted on [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com), you can check it out [here](https://athleap.herokuapp.com).  
It is a php based web app that can help you track the amount of calories you have burnt in majorly three types of fitness activities which are Gym, Yoga and Running. You will also be awarded with FCoins (Fitness Coins) based on your performance which then can be used to claim prizes from the shop.  

> **NOTE:** Since the app is hosted for free on heroku it goes to sleep on 30 mins of inactivity so there might be a possibility that the app takes a few seconds to load INITIALLY so please be patient.  

## Tech Used

- PHP
- Mongodb
- HTML
- CSS
- JS
- Bootstrap
- Font Awesome

## Running this project

You can head over to [https://athleap.herokuapp.com](https://athleap.herokuapp.com) to try out the app in your browser.  

OR  

1. Clone this repository in your apache server's directory
2. Run the following command in the root of the project

```sh
$ composer install
```

3. Add key "ATLAS_CREDENTIALS" in the environment variables to contain the value as the mongodb connection string
4. Add key "EMAIL_USERNAME" and "EMAIL_PASSWORD" in the environment variables to contain the value as your Email Id and Password from which the mails will be sent

## Images

### Desktop

![Desktop Login Page](screenshots/ss1.png)
---
![Desktop Register Page](screenshots/ss2.png)
---
![Desktop Home Page](screenshots/ss3.png)
---
![Desktop Edit Profile Page](screenshots/ss4.png)
---
![Desktop Shop Page](screenshots/ss5.png)
---
![Desktop Running Records Page](screenshots/ss6.png)
---
![Desktop Running Workout Details Page](screenshots/ss7.png)
---
![Desktop Results Page](screenshots/ss8.png)


### Mobile Devices

| ![Mobile Login Page](screenshots/ss9.png) | ![Mobile Register Page](screenshots/ss10.png) | ![Mobile Home Page](screenshots/ss11.png) | ![Mobile Edit Profile Page](screenshots/ss12.png) |
|---|---|---|---|
| ![Mobile Shop Page](screenshots/ss13.png) | ![Mobile Running Records Page](screenshots/ss14.png) | ![Mobile Running Workout Details Page](screenshots/ss15.png) | ![Mobile Results Page](screenshots/ss16.png) |

Commit message:

Readme 1.2
- MongoDB Atlas, PHPMailer and Confetti JS usage is now mentioned in the Readme.md file

README.md, after:

# ATHLEAP

This is a project made by [Kevin Joshi](https://github.com/KevinJ-hub) & [Kaushal Binjola](https://github.com/KaushalBinjola).  
It is hosted on [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com), you can check it out [here](https://athleap.herokuapp.com). Database used is MongoDB which is hosted on [MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/atlas/database) and various dependencies like [PHPMailer](https://github.com/PHPMailer/PHPMailer) & [Confetti JS](https://github.com/Agezao/confetti-js) have been used.  
It is a php based web app that can help you track the amount of calories you have burnt in majorly three types of fitness activities which are Gym, Yoga and Running. You will also be awarded with FCoins (Fitness Coins) based on your performance which then can be used to claim prizes from the shop.  

> **NOTE:** Since the app is hosted for free on heroku it goes to sleep on 30 mins of inactivity so there might be a possibility that the app takes a few seconds to load INITIALLY so please be patient.  

## Tech Used

- PHP
- Mongodb
- HTML
- CSS
- JS
- Bootstrap
- Font Awesome

## Running this project

You can head over to [https://athleap.herokuapp.com](https://athleap.herokuapp.com) to try out the app in your browser.  

OR  

1. Clone this repository in your apache server's directory
2. Run the following command in the root of the project

```sh
$ composer install
```

3. Add key "ATLAS_CREDENTIALS" in the environment variables to contain the value as the mongodb connection string
4. Add key "EMAIL_USERNAME" and "EMAIL_PASSWORD" in the environment variables to contain the value as your Email Id and Password from which the mails will be sent

## Images

### Desktop

![Desktop Login Page](screenshots/ss1.png)
---
![Desktop Register Page](screenshots/ss2.png)
---
![Desktop Home Page](screenshots/ss3.png)
---
![Desktop Edit Profile Page](screenshots/ss4.png)
---
![Desktop Shop Page](screenshots/ss5.png)
---
![Desktop Running Records Page](screenshots/ss6.png)
---
![Desktop Running Workout Details Page](screenshots/ss7.png)
---
![Desktop Results Page](screenshots/ss8.png)


### Mobile Devices

| ![Mobile Login Page](screenshots/ss9.png) | ![Mobile Register Page](screenshots/ss10.png) | ![Mobile Home Page](screenshots/ss11.png) | ![Mobile Edit Profile Page](screenshots/ss12.png) |
|---|---|---|---|
| ![Mobile Shop Page](screenshots/ss13.png) | ![Mobile Running Records Page](screenshots/ss14.png) | ![Mobile Running Workout Details Page](screenshots/ss15.png) | ![Mobile Results Page](screenshots/ss16.png) |
